Let's be a little more formal
about the n-Queens problems.
Given a current board we
want to make the one move
that can most greatly
improve the situation.
In fact to simplify the discussion let's
constrain ourselves to moving a single
queen up or down within its column.
Then we keep iterating until we reach
our goal of having zero attacks.
>> Given this board which
currently has 17 attacking pairs.
The best we can do with a single move is
to get the number of attacks down to 12.
For example,
if you move this queen here, you
reduce the number of conflicts to 12.
>> That's right.
But, how do we figure
out which one to take?
Do we just select it randomly?
>> Seemed as good an idea as any.
>> Okay so we can continue to iterate,
hopefully reducing the number
of attacks with each move.
But what if we get into a situation
where no move decreases our
number of attacks?